Release 1.16.0 (#1186)
DataDog/dd-sdk-ios: CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

# 1.16.0 / 02-03-2023
- [IMPROVEMENT] Always create an ApplicationLaunch view on session initialization. See [#1160][]

> - [BUGFIX] Remove data race caused by doing sample on rum thread. See [#1177][] (Thanks [@cltnschlosser][])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [BUGFIX] Remove the data race caused by sampling on the RUM thread. See [#1177][] (Thanks [@cltnschlosser][])
```
